Now next, we're going to talk about how you scale SageMaker endpoints,
and this has to do with a concept that comes from the AWS
well‑architected framework called Elasticity.
And it's defined in that framework as the ability to acquire resources as you
need them and release resources when you no longer need them.
In the cloud, you want to do this automatically.
So let's talk at a high level about how we scale our endpoints,
and there's really two different approaches that we can take.
The first is vertical scaling, which you'll sometimes hear people call scale up.
And if you remember, we've specified instance types for our endpoints.
And what we're saying here is if we're going to do vertical scaling,
we can simply select a bigger instance type for our endpoint.
Now the other approach that we can take is what we call
horizontal scaling or scaling out.
And what this means is you can utilize multiple
instances to accommodate additional demand.
Now let's talk first about this vertical scaling approach,
and a part of understanding.
vertical scaling is knowing something about the
different SageMaker instance types.
So we're going to look at a high level at the different families
of instant types that you have on SageMaker.
So we have standard instances, and these are t2, t3s, m4, m5s, and m5ds.
We then have memory optimized instance types, and these include our r5 and r5ds.
We then have compute optimized, which is c4, c5, and c5d.
Accelerated computing, so p2, p3, g4dn, and inf1s.
And we've also talked about this, and that is elastic inference.
Now those are not specifically instance types,
but those are capabilities that you can add to your instance if
you want to have that partial GPU support.
So if you're starting off and maybe you're using an mlt2 instance for SageMaker,
you might want to look at leveraging maybe a p2 instance because
that's going to give you some GPU capabilities if it's not quite
meeting the needs at that t2v level. Now again,
that's just one example.
But the truth is, no matter how much we scale,
vertical scaling cannot ultimately solve problems caused by increased usage.
And if you think about it, this makes sense because no
matter how big you make an instance,
there will be a point where your user demand could
exceed what that single instance can do.
So next, let's talk about the concept of SageMaker autoscaling,
and this is the horizontal scaling approach.
So this enables you to increase or decrease the number of instances that
are leveraged by a particular endpoint based on demand.
So in looking at SageMaker autoscaling, first of all,
it's important to note that you can configure this with the
console through the CLI or with an API. And later within this
module, we'll be utilizing the console to add SageMaker
autoscaling to one of our endpoints.
And it utilizes CloudWatch metrics to define the scaling policy.
Now we haven't talked a great deal about CloudWatch,
but we will be doing that later within this module.
Now there's an initial metric that we can use for scaling,
and this is a CloudWatch metric,
and it's called SageMakerVariantInvocationsPerInstance. And it
means the average time per minute that each instance is invoked
for a specific production variant.
Now that's not to say you couldn't use other metrics, you can, and
you could look at things like CPU utilization.
But I would recommend starting with the metric I had
mentioned earlier because that's going to give you the truest map to overall user demand.